Add the initial migration doc with some details (#2092)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/k6/v1.3.x/using-k6-browser/migrate-from-playwright-to-k6.md

In this guide, you'll learn the key differences between Playwright and k6, and how to migrate your scripts.

## Before you begin

To run a k6 test, you'll need:

- A machine with [k6 installed](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/set-up/install-k6/).

## Example migration

The following example shows a Playwright script and the common steps to migrate it to a k6 script:

```js
import { test, expect } from '@playwright/test';

test('has title', async ({ page }) => {
  await page.goto('https://playwright.dev/');

  // Expect a title "to contain" a substring.
  await expect(page).toHaveTitle(/Playwright/);
});
```

Create a new file named `pw-migrated.js` and copy the following initial k6 script setup:

```js
import { expect } from 'https://jslib.k6.io/k6-testing/{{< param "JSLIB_TESTING_VERSION" >}}/index.js';
import { browser } from 'k6/browser';

export const options = {
  scenarios: {
    ui: {
      executor: 'shared-iterations',
      options: {
        browser: {
          type: 'chromium',
        },
      },
    },
  },
};

export default async function () {
    // Paste your test code here
}
```

> k6 browser is a library that's part of k6. Any Playwright script that you migrate must include the `import { browser } from 'k6/browser';` line at the top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
k6 browser is an official module to run browser tests with k6. Any Playwright script that you migrate must include the `import { browser } from 'k6/browser';` line at the top.
```

  █ TOTAL RESULTS 

    EXECUTION
    iteration_duration..........: avg=1.81s    min=1.81s  med=1.81s   max=1.81s p(90)=1.81s    p(95)=1.81s  
    iterations..................: 1      0.463436/s
    vus.........................: 1      min=1       max=1
    vus_max.....................: 1      min=1       max=1

    NETWORK
    data_received...............: 0 B    0 B/s
    data_sent...................: 0 B    0 B/s

    BROWSER
    browser_data_received.......: 1.8 MB 829 kB/s
    browser_data_sent...........: 7.7 kB 3.6 kB/s
    browser_http_req_duration...: avg=120.89ms min=1.95ms med=98.73ms max=1.14s p(90)=139.67ms p(95)=263.7ms
    browser_http_req_failed.....: 0.00%  0 out of 23

    WEB_VITALS
    browser_web_vital_fcp.......: avg=1.24s    min=1.24s  med=1.24s   max=1.24s p(90)=1.24s    p(95)=1.24s  
    browser_web_vital_ttfb......: avg=1.14s    min=1.14s  med=1.14s   max=1.14s p(90)=1.14s    p(95)=1.14s  

running (00m02.2s), 0/1 VUs, 1 complete and 0 interrupted iterations
ui   ✓ [======================================] 1 VUs  00m02.2s/10m0s  1/1 shared iters
```

## Migrate multiple tests

> The following example shows a Playwright test file that contains two tests. To migrate multiple tests, use k6 scenarios to create equivalent test logic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a Playwright test file that contains two tests. To migrate multiple tests, use the [k6 scenarios](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/using-k6/scenarios/) feature to create equivalent test logic:
```

- **Virtual User**: A Virtual User (VU) is an independent thread of execution that runs concurrently with other VUs. Scripts are often designed so that one VU represents the activity of one real user.
- **Iteration**: The number of times a single VU runs the test script.
- **Thresholds and checks**: [Thresholds](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/using-k6/thresholds/) are pass/fail criteria that you configure for your test metrics. For example, you can configure a threshold to fail if more than 1% of requests return an error. [Checks](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/using-k6/checks/) validate a boolean condition in your test. For example, you can check whether the response status code equals 200. The main difference is that unmet thresholds cause a test to finish with a failed status, while checks don't. k6 also provides a k6-testing library that behaves similarly to assertions in Playwright. For more details, refer to the [k6-testing](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/jslib/testing/) documentation.

### Browser context restrictions

> Unlike Playwright, k6 can only work with a single `browserContext` at a time. The following script fails when you run it with k6:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike Playwright, k6 can only work with a single [browser context](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-browser/browsercontext/) at a time. The following script fails when you run it with k6:
```

<!-- md-k6:skip -->

```js
const bc1 = await browser.newContext();
// This next call results in an error: "existing browser context must be closed before creating a new one"
const bc2 = await browser.newContext();
```

> To fix this, close the existing `browserContext` before creating a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this, close the existing browser context before creating a new one.
```
